this is a blank project folder with only 2 files
================================================
- output-format.csv - is my spreadsheet (exported to CSV) that I use today to help me track my crypto cost

- input-format-crypto.com-transactions-report.csv - is the transaction report for my exchange in brazil (Crypto.com)

- brazil-ptax-exchange-2025.csv - is the Brazilian ptax exchange rate (Câmbio BC) between brl and usd, exported from the official site (https://www.bcb.gov.br/estabilidadefinanceira/historicocotacoes). if you are not able to find information about how to use it, I'll try to find


important information about my spreadsheet
==========================================
- be careful with the use of comma for decimal separator in BRL on the Info column. In the number columns i believe that everything follows US use of . for decimal separator
- you will notice that the first 7 columns are directly from the crypto.com report, in sequence. I omit the columns that i do not use. so I can copy and paste the information from the input and paste on the output spreadsheet and excel already calculate some stuff
- the running balance I'll have to provide a balance for the first day and webapp calculate the rest
- "Câmbio BC" is the PTAX exchange rate used by Brazilian central bank to calculate BRL cost
- you will notice that the BRL columns I only calculate when I bought or sold a coin because that is the moment that we calculate profit/loss to do our taxes. webapp should calculate for each line the BRL information
- "Preço Médio Compra" column is the average price in BRL
- On my spreadsheet, "BRL Transaction Cost" = [@[Transaction Cost]] * [@[Câmbio BC]] but you will notice that I only use this column when I have a real transaction (buying or selling). should we calculate for all lines?
- On my spreadsheet, "BRL Running Balance" = [@[Running Balance]] * [@[Câmbio BC]]
- "Info" column is extra information that I manually type to I can better understand that transaction


Tricky part, at least for me, is calculate the average price. Average price is how much I have invested in BRL divided by how much I have in USD. Anything received from staking is aquisition cost zero so my USD average price become lower. webapp do not have all transactions information so user should have somehow inform their average price at any line in the datatable and webapp calculate the rest from there. maybe we add a "Average Price" column that initially will be blank so user go to one of the lines and type their average price at that time then the webapp calculate the average price for all other days. I do not know what to do if I type average price on 2 different dates, maybe webapp use the new average price from that point forward.



what I want
===========
- i want to create a web app that kinda remind a spreadsheet to help me calculate the average price of my crypto in Brazil so I can calculate my profit/loss correctly.
- nice modern dark interface. top part used for some information, whatever is necessary to use the webapp. bottom part like a datatable with the final result
- user import their transaction report and webapp do all the necessary math and show on the datatable
- transactions report with multiple coins, webapp has a location on the top area to user select the coin to work on the datatable. like a coin filter
- be able to sort all columns. asc, desc, none
- be able to show/hide columns
- be able to filter columns
- export the final result to a CSV or other excel compatible format
- be able to import a final result that was exported
- if webapp is not able to automatically get PTAX exchange rate, user should load Brazilian PTAX CSV file with that information
- while user work on the datatable, browser save state to avoid loosing data if something goes wrong (browser crashes, computer turn off, whatever). so when user return to webapp, it asks user if they want to continue old session
- in my case I treat everything USD as one thing (USD, USDC, USDT). webapp should have an check option to do the same or not



If you have suggestions for features, let me know.

Ask me questions to clarify the product requirements, technical requirements, engineering principles, and hard constraints.